FRPS Server Instructions (#1474)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/12.5-vertex/02-install-palette-vertex/20-install-on-kubernetes/10-install.md

<br />

10. After login, a summary page is displayed. Palette VerteX is installed with a self-signed SSL certificate. To assign a different SSL certificate you must upload the SSL certificate, SSL certificate key, and SSL certificate authority files to Palette VerteX. You can upload the files using the Palette VerteX system console. Refer to the [Configure HTTPS Encryption](/vertex/system-management/ssl-certificate-management) page for instructions on how to upload the SSL certificate files to Palette VerteX.

<br />

<WarningBox>

> If you are planning on deploying host clusters into different networks, you may require a reverse proxy, check out the [Configure Reverse Proxy](/vertex/system-management/reverse-proxy) guide for instructions on how to configure a reverse proxy for Palette VerteX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are planning to deploy host clusters into different networks, you may require a reverse proxy.  Check out the [Configure Reverse Proxy](/vertex/system-management/reverse-proxy) guide for instructions on configuring a reverse proxy for Palette VerteX.
```
